** LLM: Text based language AI model is call large language model.

Prompt: A prompt is the text instruction or query given to an LLM to elicit a response.
Advantage of prompting: costing
Each 100 words 60-80 tokens,
Diefferents types of prompting: zero, Few shot, Multi shot, Cot(chain of thought) etc.
Zero shot: is without exemple is called also direct shot prompting . this is very familier.
Few shot:provide context, instruction, exemple

AI Chatbot: Open AI, Deepseek, Claude, Lama

AI Agents: Github copilot(free), google AI studio(1 million token), openai has one



pour cv: auomataing process by AI
LLM (large language model): is a model which is focus on text based generaton. There is two types of LLM: local LLM and hosted LLM
Integrated AI Deepseek and Ollama
Shell scripting github copilot with pair programmming


Local LLM: An AI large language model that runs inside an organization's private datacenter
The Advantage of local LLM: security, ifrastructure maintainace
The Advantage of host LLM: security, costing.

Automation with Ollama, 1. install ollama 2. identify 3. pull 4. setup python environment, 5.python script

Create virtual python environment
then needs to install ollama because python does not talk to LLM directly . Python talk via ollama model.

How to install: first go to internet search ollama and install then search model llama from same site and downlaod it.
Now start : ollama serve
Go to viraul environment: source venv/bin/activate
install dependancies: resquirements.txt (inside resquirements put ollama) 
create pyhon prompt file and execute: python3 generate_dockerfile.py 
This process is called local LLM.

The hosted LLM call API by using token , token is costly ..by using token we can see exemple in Gooogle Studio AI


Note: created dockerfile by Generative AI


**Now install model deepseek: serach from search bar ollama.com then choise deepseekr1
and run command: ollama run deepseek-r1:1.5b

**AI assited shell scripting
AIPair programmming: when a program is written by the help of  AI called AIpair programmming.
we can use for shell scripting github copilot.
install plugin github copilot from vscode plugin

**1. firs give appropriate file name
  2. Provide description begining of the file
  3. Relevant variable
  4. 


Llama is LLM(large language model) of Meta.